hi I'm Rodney from wholesale automatic
transmissions I want to talk to you
about these two perfect brand-new 79
series Toyota Landcruiser
both Jew caps that with subtle
differences between the two of them
obviously there's a color difference
this one has a big canopy on the back
this one cleaned out as EU but this one
what makes this one so special
this one is actually automatic
now inside the cabin you'll notice that
we've made a few changes the most
notable of which is that the manual gear
stick is gone we replaced it with a
brand new t-bar unit it's one of our
very own with the Landcruiser TV handle
with the original overdrive button just
like they have fun Factory the high-low
lever stays exactly where it is we've
replaced the original you know cheap
carpet and put a proper half cut
American plush cap aisle will put thick
underlay razor mat so the whole thing is
beautifully comfortable we'll put floor
mats in it finished it all off even the
brake pedal we've made it properly we've
turned around and made it so it's going
to fool with pedal on it what makes this
car so special now is that it's a
pleasure to drive it's quiet it's
comfortable and if you're out there and
you want to Totoro and see Australia now
you've got the best car the commercial
vehicle strong as blazes but with
automatic and all the comforts for now
the best part then we get to drive it I
don't know why Toyota never built this
thing with an automatic
tell you right now there is nothing
better than a 79 Series v8 with an
automatic how is is this hey especially
in the stop-start traffic with your
timing I'm not absolutely breathe easy
smooth best part about it you get all
the power out of the engine just because
of the torque converter this engine for
the torque multiplication of a talking
burner simply can't get any better
smooth easy best part about it I can
drive and talk using both hands you
can't do that a minute if you want to
know more about this conversion and what
we do at wholesale automatics give me a
call Oh three nine seven sixteen eight
double zero four or contact us online at
ask or day.com don't you
you